CLOUDP-315307 - mck - MCO deprecation notice (#1712)
mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes-operator: README.md

> > **DEPRECATED:** This repository is no longer maintained. Please use the new repository at [mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **DEPRECATED:** This repository is deprecated but we will continue a best-effort support until November 2025. Please use the new repository at [mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes) instead.
```
